Feature/UI pack 13.7.0 (#761)
MicroEJ/docs: ApplicationDeveloperGuide/UI/MicroUI/images.rst

   +--------------+------------------------------------+-------------------------------------+
   | ARGB1555     | .. image:: images/transparent.png  | .. image:: images/argb1555.png      |
   +--------------+------------------------------------+-------------------------------------+

>    | ARGB1555_PRE | .. image:: images/transparent.png  | .. image:: images/argb1555.png      |
>    +--------------+------------------------------------+-------------------------------------+
>    | ARGB8888_PRE | .. image:: images/transparent.png  | .. image:: images/argb8888.png      |
>    +--------------+------------------------------------+-------------------------------------+
>    | ARGB4444_PRE | .. image:: images/transparent.png  | .. image:: images/argb4444.png      |
>    +--------------+------------------------------------+-------------------------------------+

Reviewer: In the same order as the others:
```suggestion
   | ARGB8888_PRE | .. image:: images/transparent.png  | .. image:: images/argb8888.png      |
   +--------------+------------------------------------+-------------------------------------+
   | ARGB4444_PRE | .. image:: images/transparent.png  | .. image:: images/argb4444.png      |
   +--------------+------------------------------------+-------------------------------------+
   | ARGB1555_PRE | .. image:: images/transparent.png  | .. image:: images/argb1555.png      |
   +--------------+------------------------------------+-------------------------------------+
```

   - `A8` may be necessary for pictograms with long gradients,
   - for a smaller footprint if the image matches the RLE rule, `A8_RLE` is best.

- For BSP with a GPU, choose a format compatible with the GPU (all formats may not be available),

>    - `ARGB` formats: choose between non-premultiplied formats and premultiplied formats (suffix `_PRE`),

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - `ARGB` formats: choose between non-premultiplied formats and premultiplied formats (suffixed with `_PRE`),
```

>    - `Ax` formats (pictogram): all bits-per-pixel may not be available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - `Ax` formats (pictogram): all bits-per-pixel values may not be available.
```

   - be careful about the color components position (`A-R-G-B` versus `R-G-B-A` for instance),

>    - avoid formats `Cx`, `ACxx` and `xxx_RLE`: not compatible with the GPU.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - avoid formats `Cx`, `ACxx` and `xxx_RLE`, which are not compatible with a GPU.
```
